Era: Clan Invasion through Jihad (3050-3085)
Factions: [[Word of Blake]], [[Federated Suns]],[[Capellan Confederation]]
Unit Types: [[BattleMech|BM]], [[Industrial Mech|IM]], [[Battlearmor||BA]], [[Combat Vehicle|CV]], [[Support Vehicle|SV]], [[Aerospace Fighter|AF]], [[Conventional FIghter|CF]]

Game Rules: Regardless of the unit type in question, warriors using VDNI implants receive a –1 modifier for all Gunnery and Piloting to-hit rolls, to reflect their enhanced level of motor control and improved reaction times. The tradeoff for this is the possibility of damage through internal feedback in the event of a penetrating hit, as described below.
For ’Mechs and vehicles, any time the unit’s internal structure suffers damage for any reason, the unit’s controlling player must roll 2D6. On a result of 8 or higher, the VDNI-implanted warrior suffers 1 point of damage on the pilot’s condition monitor (unless the warrior has a [[Artificial Pain Shunt|pain shunt]]), making consciousness checks as per the normal rules for pilot hits. Because even VDNI-equipped vehicle units use this method, the unit’s controlling player should construct a similar pilot condition monitor in the unit’s Notes section to keep track of this damage. In addition to this, vehicle-based VDNI warriors also treat all of the following critical hits as a single hit to the pilot’s condition monitor: Commander Hit, Gunner Hit, and Crew Stunned.
(The Crew Killed critical hit on a VDNI-controlled vehicle still kills the pilot outright, however.)
For fighters operated by VDNI-equipped pilots, any damage that delivers a critical hit will require an additional 2D6 roll to determine if the pilot takes feedback damage. Once again, this check delivers a single hit to the pilot’s condition monitor on a roll result of 8+, prompting a consciousness check as normal.
Battle armor troopers using VDNI do not have to make feedback damage checks in tactical gameplay.
A standard VDNI (or Buffered VDNI) is required to make use of the [[Machina Domini]] interface (see pp. 116, [[Interstellar Operations|IO]]).
Construction Rules: An augmented warrior may possess only one VDNI implant of any type (standard, buffered, or prototype). Battle armor units must modify all warriors in the unit to receive the game play benefits of this system; vehicle units, fighters, and ’Mechs modified for VDNI operation are automatically reduced to only one required crewman, who serves all of the unit’s combat roles.
Furthermore, to gain the benefits of this implant, the control systems of the warrior’s battlesuit, vehicle, fighter, or ’Mech must be heavily modified as well. This control system modification does not change the mass or space occupied by the unit’s original design, but will apply an additional cost, and—in the case of any vehicles, ’Mechs, or fighters that require more than one crewman—will reduce the unit’s required crew to 1. (Unlike the [[Clan Enhanced Imaging Neural Implant|Clan EI interface]], a unit modified for operation by a VDNI-augmented warrior cannot be piloted without such an implant.)