**Source:** [[Total Warfare]]  

If an infantry unit successfully swarms a [[BattleMech|’Mech]], the ’Mech can try to remove the swarming unit by using its arms during the **Physical Attack Phase** of the turn, rather than making a physical attack. The ’Mech’s controlling player can make up to two **Piloting Skill Rolls** (one for each arm), adding a **+4 modifier** as well as any modifiers for damage or construction normally applied to a punching attack (see *[[Punch Attacks]]*, p. 145, [[Total Warfare|TW]]). The ’Mech cannot make such an attempt with any arm that fired a weapon during the **Weapon Attack Phase** in the same turn, or with an arm that mounts any physical attack weapon (see p. 146, [[Total Warfare|TW]]).  

A ’Mech that attempts to remove a swarming unit in this way may not make any other physical attack during the same turn. If the ’Mech announced a **[[Death from Above]]** or **[[Charging Attack]]** during the **Movement Phase**, then it cannot attempt to remove swarming infantry with its arms during the **Physical Attack Phase** of the same turn.  

A successful **Piloting Skill Roll** forces the infantry unit off the ’Mech and back into the hex, and the infantry unit takes damage equal to a punch from that ’Mech. Unlike non-infantry weapon attacks against conventional infantry, the damage from a punch in this case is applied to the infantry unit as though from an infantry attack, meaning that the unit takes full damage.  

If the **Piloting Skill Roll** is unsuccessful, the ’Mech damages itself in the attempt to get rid of the infantry and must take punching damage from the appropriate arm (rather than falling from the failed Piloting Skill Roll). The infantry troopers stay attached. Roll **1D6** and consult the **Front column** of the ’Mech *[[Punch Location Table]]* to determine the location of the damage. If a ’Mech makes two attempts to remove the infantry, one may succeed and the other may fail. If the player declares that his ’Mech will make two attempts, he must resolve both, even if the first is successful (this could result in the first attempt being successful, yet the second attempt failing and still damaging the ’Mech).  

During the **Movement Phase** of the following turn, infantry units that have not been knocked off travel with the ’Mech. Jump-capable ’Mechs may attempt to shake off their attackers during the **Movement Phase**. If the ’Mech jumps, the controlling player makes a **Piloting Skill Roll** with a **+4 modifier** upon landing (in addition to any other Piloting Skill Rolls required by the jump). On a successful roll, the infantry unit falls off into the hex in which the ’Mech landed. The infantry unit cannot move or shoot for the rest of the turn and takes **3D6 damage points** of damage. The damage is applied to the infantry unit as if from an infantry attack. If the Piloting Skill Roll for shaking the infantry off fails, the infantry stays on and the ’Mech does not fall.  
