**Source:** [[Total Warfare|TW]], pp. 129-130  

Anytime a missile weapon makes a successful to-hit attack against a unit carrying an AMS, and the missile weapon strikes in the attack direction covered by the firing arc where the AMS is mounted, the AMS will automatically engage with the following results:  
- The attacking player applies a **–4** to the die roll result when rolling on the **Cluster Hits Table** (an AMS never reduces a roll on the table below 2).  
- If the missile weapon is a **Streak launcher**, treat the launcher as though the controlling player rolled an **11** on the appropriate column of the Cluster Hits Table, then apply the **–4 modifier** to determine how many missiles struck the target.  
- If the missile weapon normally fires only a single missile in a shot (such as a [[Narc Missile Beacon]]), roll **1D6**: on a result of **1-3**, the missile is destroyed; on a result of **4-6**, the missile strikes the target.  

The player cannot choose for the AMS to not engage, as it is always active until it runs out of ammo or is destroyed; 1 shot of ammunition is marked off each time the AMS engages a missile weapon.  

If, in a single Weapon Attack Phase, more than one missile weapon successfully strikes the target in the attack direction covered by the firing arc where an AMS is mounted, the defending player can choose which missile weapon to inflict the modifier against.  

Only **1 AMS** can engage **1 missile weapon** in a turn, regardless of how many AMS cover the attack direction. If a unit mounts more than 1 AMS that covers the same attack direction, the defender chooses the order in which they activate and against which missile weapons they inflict their modifiers.  

### Cluster Hit Table Modifiers  
The AMS Cluster Table modifier is cumulative with other Cluster Table modifiers, for instance the bonus generated by [[Narc Missile Beacon|NARC]] or [[Artemis IV FCS|Artemis IV]]-equipped missiles. In that instance, the net effect on the Cluster Table would be **–2**.  

### Critical Hits  
Anti-missile system ammo explodes for a **Damage Value of 2** per shot of ammo.  

### Aerospace Units  
AMS against missile attacks from aerospace units operates as described above, with the following exceptions: for each AMS in the appropriate attack direction from an attacking aerospace unit, roll **1D6** and subtract that number from the missile’s standard-scale **Attack Value** before generating **Damage Value groupings** (see *Determining Hit Location*, p. 238, [[Total Warfare|TW]], in *Aerospace Units*). AMS has **no effect** against Capital Missiles.  
