The C3 computer system can link up to twelve ’Mechs or vehicles together—utilizing a series of C3 Master and C3 Slaves—in a communications network that will share targeting information.
To make an attack using a C3 computer network, calculate the to-hit number using the range to the target from the networked unit nearest the target with line of sight. Use the
fi ring unit’s modifi ers for movement, terrain eff ects, minimum
range and so on. A weapon attack using a C3 network mustconform to standard LOS restrictions and cannot fi re beyond
its maximum range, though a well-placed lancemate may
allow the fi ring unit to use his weapon’s short-range to-hit
number at long range.
The C3 network itself has no maximum range, but only units
actually on the playing area can benefi t from the network, and
the C3 Master (or C3 Masters if using a company-sized network)
must be on the playing area.
TAG: The C3 Master (but not the C3 Slaves) exactly duplicates
the function of target acquisition gear (see TAG; p. 142).
LRM Indirect Fire: C3-equipped units spotting targets for
or launching an LRM indirect fi re attack use the LRM Indirect
Fire rules (see p. 111), and gain no benefi t from a C3 network.
Minimum Ranges: Minimum range is always determined
from the attacking unit to the target.
Variable Damage Weapons: The range, to determine
the Damage Value of a Variable Damage Weapon, is always
determined from the attacking unit to the target.
Stealth Armor: Armor that infl icts range modifi ers against
attacking units does not confuse a C3 network. While such
additional range modifi ers apply to the nearest attacking
unit, they do not apply to any other units using the network
to attack. However, some such systems (notably the Stealth
Armor System, p. 142) include their own ECM system; in this
case, an attacking unit must be outside the eff ective range of
the ECM mounted on the target unit, or the attacker gets cut
off from the network.