Source: [[Interstellar Operations]]
Rules Level: Experimental
Available to: [[BattleMech|BM]], [[Battlearmor|BA]]
Tech Base (Ratings): Inner Sphere (E/XXFX), Clan (F/XXFF) 

The “Machina Domini” interface requires three key components to function: A MechWarrior equipped with either a buffered or standard Vehicular Direct-Neural Interface (VDNI) implant, a PA(L) suit equipped with a BattleMech Neural Interface Unit (see p. 116, [[Interstellar Operations|IO]]), and a BattleMech equipped with a BattleMech Interface Cockpit (see p. 116, [[Interstellar Operations|IO]]). Without all three of these components in working order, the “Machina Domini” connection (and, of course, the BattleMech itself) will not function.

In game play, a “Machina Domini” BattleMech functions in accordance with standard rules, with the following modifications:
**MechWarrior Skills**: A BattleMech operating with an active Machina Domini interface automatically receives a –1 modifier to all Gunnery and Piloting target numbers.
**Piloting Skill Checks**: Even if the Machina Domini ’Mech still mounts a gyro, any critical hits to Gyro slots are ignored while the Machina Domini interface is working. A unit with a working Machina Domini interface also ignores the effects of gyro destruction.
**MechWarrior Damage**: The Machina Domini MechWarrior ignores all pilot damage from head hits and internal ammunition explosion effects, but can still be killed if the head location is destroyed.
MechWarrior damage from overheating will still occur if the BattleMech sustains any Life Support critical hits, as will MechWarrior damage resulting from failed Piloting Skill rolls made during a fall.
**Hostile Environments and Hull Breaches**: If operating in a hostile environment, the Machina Domini MechWarrior will suffer no effects unless the cockpit armor is breached and the PA(L) interface suit is reduced to an armor value of 0.
**Cockpit Critical Hits**: If the interface cockpit itself suffers a critical hit, the Machina Domini MechWarrior will receive two pilot hits from the attack, the PA(L) suit he is wearing will suffer 1 point of armor damage, and the BattleMech will suffer the equivalent effects of a single Gyro critical hit. On a second critical hit to the interface cockpit, the Machina Domini MechWarrior will suffer two more pilot hits, the PA(L) suit will suffer an additional 1 point of armor damage, and the interface connection will be critically damaged (with effects treated as a second Gyro hit). (If, through interface cockpit critical hits, the interface suit is reduced below an armor value of 0, both the suit and the MechWarrior wearing it are considered destroyed.)
**Ejection**: A Machina Domini may eject from his ’Mech at any time per the standard rules (see pp. 196-198, [[Tactical Operations|TO]]), but receives a –2 target number modifier when doing so, to reflect the added resilience of the PA(L) interface suit. Once ejected, the Machina Domini MechWarrior is treated as a single battle armor unit with a squad size of 1 trooper. The armor value of this unit is equal to that of the PA(L) itself, minus any armor damage sustained from Interface Cockpit hits.
**Special Pilot Abilities (Optional)**: At the players’ discretion, the use of the Machina Domini interface can also impart onto its MechWarrior one free Gunnery or Piloting Skill-based Special Pilot Ability as featured in A Time of War (see pp. 219-224, [[A Time of War|AToW]]), regardless of the ability’s prerequisites. The nature of this ability must be determined before play begins and is selected by the MechWarrior’s controlling player.
Clan Machina Domini Interface: In game play, the Clan version of the Machina Domini interface functions identically to the Inner Sphere version, except that the pilot must be equipped with enhanced imaging neural implants (see pp. 75, [[Interstellar Operations|IO]]) instead of any form of [[Cybernetic Vehicular Direct Neural Interface|VDNI]]. Units using a Clan Machina Domini interface cannot be operated by pilots that lack EI neural implants, even if they possess a [[Cybernetic Vehicular Direct Neural Interface|VDNI]].