| Unit                       | Number of Mods (Min / Max) |
| -------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| Infantry                   | 1 / 4                      |
| Vehicle Crew               | 1 / 3                      |
| MechWarrior                | 1 / 3                      |
| Other                      | 1 / 2                      |
| Lance Commander            | +0 / +1                    |
| Force Second-in-Command    | +1 / +2                    |
| Force Commander            | +2 / +2                    |
| Word of Blake Manei Domini | +1 / +2                    |
| Thuggee Phansigar          | +1 / +3                    |
| Clan                       | –1* / –2*                  |
| All Others                 | +0 / +0                    |

**All-or-None Modifications:** Unless otherwise noted, for any unit making use of cybernetic or prosthetic augmentations, the rules will not apply unless all warriors in the unit are equipped with the same augmentations.)
Morale Effects: The exotic and often shocking nature of troops using cybernetic or prosthetic enhancements can readily unnerve opposing forces, especially if they are conventional infantry. If the Morale rules are in play (see pp. 211-213, TO), an attack by a unit augmented with cybernetics will apply an additional +1 target number modifier (+2 if the augmented unit is comprised of infantry) to their target’s Morale check, reflecting the alien or superhuman appearance and performance of these augmented warriors.
Fatigue Effects: Furthermore, to reflect the additional resiliency and endurance often made possible by the use of cybernetic and prosthetic augmentations (to say nothing of the physical resiliency needed to undergo the grueling and painful surgery and recovery/acclimation process such modifications require), any unit modified by cybernetics or prosthetics can function for 3 more turns of play before any fatigue modifiers set in, if the Fatigue rules are in play (see p. 198, TO). 

Electromagnetic Pulses (EMP): Although largely shielded by their own bio-matter, warriors using cybernetic implants of prosthetics are susceptible to high-intensity bursts of electromagnetic pulse (EMP) generated by the following weapons: EMP mines (see p. 365, TO), Tasers (see p. 345, TO), TSEMP weapons (see p. 90), HPGs (see pp. 330-331, TO), or nuclear weapons (see pp. 169-177). If struck by any of those listed EMP sources, the augmented warrior must roll 2D6, applying a +1 to the roll result if he is wearing battle armor or piloting a vehicle, or +3 if he is piloting a ’Mech or aerospace unit. On a result of 6 or less, the warrior’s implants and prosthetics will overload and shutdown, losing all functionality for the remainder of the scenario. Furthermore, the unit will be treated as stunned and immobile for the entire following turn. If the augmentations shut down in the above fashion include prosthetic leg MASC, direct-neural interface (of any type), or any of the full-body myomer implants, roll an additional 2D6 and apply the same modifiers to the roll as before. If this second roll is 6 or less, all warriors in that unit are killed or incapacitated by the pulse for the remainder of the scenario. On a result of 10 of higher, they are simply immobilized for the remainder of the scenario, but may perform any other actions.
